Grandpa Sun, I am Xiaodao.
Do you have anything to do in a while?
Let's have two drinks, don't lie to me, knife
I already know the matter, I'll be at the company soon.
Don't let Ruoxue face those old guys alone
Okay, let's go to the company.
Phantom wants to return to the company
Zhao Xue Group lost a lot this time
It's all because you went your own way
As I said before
We just need to lock down the current industry
stable developer
You want to go to the sky in one step, okay now?
Mr. Zhou's project this time
But through the shareholders' meeting
Voting has only been fully launched
You are the president
Are you the chairperson?
You have to do this project
We can't hold back a little bit
Yeah, can we pay if you don't decide?
Let us all
Are you paying for your bad decision?
Don't worry everyone
What about this loss?
We live by ourselves
I would rather lose the Sun family than the extended family
So are you all satisfied?